network: inject GITHUB_TOKEN as Authorization header for GitHub (#3201)
arduino/arduino-cli: docs/configuration.md

  - `cloud_api.skip_board_detection_calls` - if set to `true` it will make the Arduino CLI skip network calls to Arduino
    Cloud API to help detection of an unknown board.

> > [!NOTE] When the `GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable is set, Arduino CLI automatically adds it as an

Reviewer: The `[!NOTE]` "[alert](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax#alerts)" syntax is a Markdown extension. It isn't supported by the [**Material for MkDocs**](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/) static site framework used for [the dedicated project documentation site](https://arduino.github.io/arduino-cli/dev/):

<img width="1036" height="396" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f9e137d5-49dd-44b3-8218-a388f78d158d" />

I'm not sure what Markdown extensions are supported by the docs.arduino.cc system, but I don't find any occurrences of this syntax in a search of the documentation source content.

The admonition style I have adopted for providing supplemental informational content using only vanilla Markdown is like so:

```markdown
---

**ⓘ** Some informational content here.

---
```

However, that is only my own personal approach, not a convention. The ⓘ character has a somewhat janky design. However I still prefer it over the alternative of ℹ️, which inexplicably deviates from the well established standard of an "i" in a circle being the symbol for information. And the pixelated aspect of the ⓘ design is a bit of a vibe.

> `Authorization: Bearer` header on requests to the GitHub artifact-hosting domains: `github.com`,
> `objects.githubusercontent.com`, `raw.githubusercontent.com`, and `codeload.github.com`. This raises the

> > unauthenticated rate limit from 60 to 5 000 requests/hour and allows access to private release assets. The token is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> unauthenticated rate limit from 60 to 5000 requests/hour and allows access to private release assets. The token is
```

Let's just avoid the unfortunate subject of numeric separators. They don't provide any benefit for such a small number.

`ARDUINO_BOARD_MANAGER_ADDITIONAL_URLS` environment variables can be a list of space-separated URLs.

The `GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable is also recognised: when set, its value is sent as an `Authorization: Bearer`

> header on requests to GitHub-owned hosts only (see the note in the [network](#network) section above).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
header on requests to GitHub-owned hosts only (see the note in the [Configuration keys](#configuration-keys) section above).
```

The document does not contain a `network` anchor.
